Create pull_request_template.md (#5771)
pytorch/executorch: CONTRIBUTING.md

>    - Give the PR a clear and thorough description. Don't just describe what the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the "Summary" section, clearly and thoroughly describe the intent of the PR. Don't just describe what the PR
```

     does: the diff will do that. Explain *why* you are making this change, in a
     way that will make sense to someone years from now.

>    - Explain how you have tested your changes by including repeatable instructions for

Reviewer: Clear reference to the template
```suggestion
   - In the "Test plan" section, explain how you have tested your changes by including repeatable instructions for
```

     testing the PR.
     - If you added tests, this can be as simple as the command you used to run the
       tests.
     - If you tested the PR manually, include the steps and the outputs. Help a
       future editor understand how to test the code that you're modifying
       today.

>    - If your PR contains or is representative of a feature/bug fix that should be

Reviewer: We need more information about what each label covers, since a term like "runtime" may not be clear to new contributors. You could add another section below this (or as an appendix) with a table of labels, and then point to that section from here and from the PR template.

>      called out in the release notes, please add a label for "Release notes: \<area\>",

Reviewer 2: These labels need to be standardized

Reviewer 3: https://docs.google.com/document/d/10i-TSW3VPTu-tKhWRo6FRyJ_cTAzSOvmQtADhZZElyo/edit?tab=t.0

Also added the labels on GH

       today.
   - If your PR contains or is representative of a feature/bug fix that should be
     called out in the release notes, please add a label for "Release notes: \<area\>",
	 where \<area\> describes which part of ExecuTorch the change pertains to, e.g.
	 "Release notes: runtime". Here are all of the categories:
     - `Release notes: runtime`: changes related to the core runtime which loads the program methods, initializes delegates, and runs the lowered graph.
     - `Release notes: exir`: changes to any internal representations, such as any edge-related dialects. Also any changes to passes that may modify the exir, such as memory planning.
     - `Release notes: quantization`: changes to quantization.
     - `Release notes: ops & kernels`: changes to the opset and any new / changed kernel implementations.
     - `Release notes: api`: changes to public facing apis (any interfaces, pybinded runtime methods, etc.).
     - `Release notes: backends`: changes to any of the backend delegates.
     - `Release notes: build`: changes related to the build system, including major dependency upgrades, notable build flags, optimizations, etc.

>      - `Release notes: SDK`: changes to any of ExecuTorch's SDKs, for example the debugger & profiler.

Reviewer: We renamed "SDK" to "devtools" -- we should do the same for this label.

```suggestion
     - `Release notes: devtools`: changes to any of ExecuTorch's developer tools, for example the debugger & profiler.
```

>      - `Release notes: examples`: changes to any of our example LLMs integrations, such as Llama3 and Llava.

Reviewer: We have a bunch of examples that aren't LLM-focused
```suggestion
     - `Release notes: examples`: changes to any code under `examples/`.
```
